thank you for your order and be sure to
look for your free gift would you like
to receive a free gift too and save
money at the same time I'll be right
back to show you how
in the movies good guys wore white bad
guys wore black but believe West wasn't
black and white marshal Wyatt Earp
started out as a gunslinger and ruthless
outlaws like Jesse James became popular
heroes now time-life books shows the
West like it really was this book but
gunfighters reveals the men behind the
legends butch Cassidy's wild by John
Wesley Hardin who shot a man for snoring
Billy the Kid judge Roy Bean he once
find a dead man
$40 for carrying a concealed weapon
their stories are all here so are their
guns plus rare photographs and great
western
gunfighters is yours for ten days free
if you like it receive volumes every
other month the great Chiefs the
gamblers each has the look and feel of
hand tools saddle dinner if you care
about the West as much as I do you want
everyone the Old West from time life
force it makes me feel like I was there
hi I'm Cathy at time life book if you
call now you'll get to gunfighters for
just four ninety five plus shipping and
handling that's eight dollars off the
regular price plus you'll receive this
Western belt buckle three when you
purchase your first book call 1-800 two
to eight 1500 that's one eight hundred
two to eight 1500 this offer ends soon
so called now now watch what I do
wait right there the saga of the family
who chose to fight the perils of nature
continues but nothing discourage them
they only wanted to stay free
even Bruce looks like you've got a
problem Sunday at 3:00 on channel 13
we are Apple may tell us apples XE
faculty to be part of this complete
breakfast
you can visit Santa in the summertime
because right now he's at Santa's
Village in the San Bernardino Mountains
12 big rides provide fun for the whole
family miss at the petting zoo see
Santa's reindeer there's food and treats
from the pixie pantry and a good witch's
bakery and lots more Santa's Village is
fun forest and fantasy all rolled into
one
Santa's Village in the colorful San
Bernardino Mountains on highway 18 just
30 minutes north of San Bernardino now
open daily hi it's time for more
adventures with the wizard and imagine
yourself Rises face they're going back
to the land of the dinosaurs cool 977
777 today and join me in my quest for
the magical night on 6 7 7 7 7 multi for
a new story and find out how you can
help me search for the magic crystal
only $2 for goal once you get your
parents permission call me today at 9 7
6 7 7 7 7
I've been waiting for you let's go
get all divested forever friends forever
there's an extra tail
introducing Kingdom of the dinosaurs kid
I don't think yellows my color why not
su because this gorilla thinks I'm a
banana
time for a powerful Cheerios breakfast a
balanced breakfast like this one
factor he thought made RepRap